Added base for CT documentation (#144)
deity-io/falcon-platform-docs: docs/platform/integration/commercetools/getting-started.md

---
id: getting-started
title: Getting Started
sidebar_label: Getting Started
---

import CodePackage from '@site/src/components/CodePackage';

<CodePackage name="@deity/falcon-commercetools-module" />

> ## 1. Creating a commercetools store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1. Creating a Commercetools store
```

> Before you get started you'll need a commercetools store and have access to the admin panel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you get started you'll need a Commercetools store and have access to the admin panel. 
```

## 2. Configuring Falcon Middleware

> Using our example project, `demo-v3` you will have CommerceTools support without having to do any custom dev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using our example project, `demo-v3` you will have CommerceTools support without having to do any custom development.
```

> But if you used another demo you can just install `@deity/falcon-commercetools-module` (add it also to `server/package.json`) and enable it in configuration file (`server/config/default.json`) and assign to shop extension:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using another demo, you can just install `@deity/falcon-commercetools-module` (add it to `server/package.json`) and enable it in configuration file (`server/config/default.json`) and assign to shop extension:
```
